we're not jerks we don't curse
[Music]
so you taejun's grind nation is I your
most magnanimous host Grimes the most
polarizing and professional man and you
too entertainment today any yes grime
nation this show has returned crime will
not allow these terrible tragedy that
has befallen this ultra professional
show the last time it was on the air to
ever stop the greatest thing going on
youtube today
so yes we will always miss bob bob was
the most professional co-host in the
known universe and is irreplaceable but
time heals all wounds grime nation so we
are here today with a brand new ultra
professional video strap yourself in and
what you may ask what you may ask is so
important so catastrophic allah
astronomically important that grime and
that's me would make his glorious return
to youtube and so once again it is time
for prime to lay out the facts here on
youtube you may have seen your favorite
youtubers whining and complaining about
the ad pocalypse oh no we were not
making PG content and now youtube says
no more money let it be known that grime
and that's me is the savior of YouTube
grime born each and every one of you
wasted waste that there would be a
reckoning and that reckoning has finally
finally come to pass grime and that's me
was right all along
brine channels or professional
manufactured drama channels
unprofessional video game channels very
unprofessional so what does this mean
you might think how could this possibly
change the landscape of YouTube as we
know it you might wonder well save your
pontification for another day because
grime and that's me
will now be receiving the lion's share
of all the ad money here on YouTube
that's right grime is the gold standard
by which all other PG channels are
measured no one else is quite as superb
and no one else is quite a dollar so it
is only a matter of time before grime is
bathing in these profits and all these
other channels out there being on
professional waste waste taking sticky
make a living on being on special way to
waste your time is up
Grimes time is now the gravy train is
over all aboard the grind Express Jojo
so the way Grimes sees it you only have
two choices
number one you can cease to exist
that'll be great or number two you can
join the clean healthy and pure PG
lifestyle but fair warning that nobody
and grime means nobody does PG better
than Grimes know best you could ever
hope for is second place because we're
not jerks
we don't curse so all of you incredibly
wealthy corporations and sponsors out
there drop grime aligned because grime
is your guy yeah
when it comes to sponsorship deals grime
and that's me is the safest and most
professional Bar None here on this show
we seamlessly integrate sponsorship
fields of your brand and/or product and
place them into these ultra professional
videos so surreptitiously that it
appears completely and totally natural
in unrelated news it is now time on this
show to unbox the new WWE slam crate
loot crate calm backslash grime nation
discount code right nation saves you 10%
this is the fourth WWE slam crates in
the lines and the theme the ultra
professional theme much like grime of
this sand crate is called master
of the mic so let us see what those
incredible professionals at loot crate
and slam crates have set to grind this
time coming up first we have the ultra
professional t-shirt which always
justifies the cost of any plan crate
discount code got nation saves you 10%
and it's Ron's
not really sure what this without the
top-secret location has been
contaminated
yeah it's exploiting the ground nation
if I could just good okay okay
the threat is over grime nation the fins
valor merchandise has been contained
within this protective packaging let's
put that over there next up in our loot
crate calm back slash crime nation clam
crate we have this Stone Cold Steve
Austin what is this plan stars it is a
flam star I'm going to carefully take
apart the packaging to show you what a
plant star is this is a collectible
figure which comes with some kind of
ring apron that if you collect all four
of these you'll be able to build a ring
so here you can see the very
professional corner of the ring you have
one fourth of a ring and collects the
next three in its land crate loot
crate's calm back sex crime nation this
council ground agents take your scent
and make a whole ring we have freed this
slam star from its plastic prison and it
seems to have points of articulation it
is not quite on the level of a power
slammer
as everyone knows power Slammers the
king of toys and it appears to be
holding but I can only assume I must
assume it is a soda if this is not a
saga shame on you slam stars this is a
PG Show now if you want a truly
professional piece of collectible we
have this John Cena from a previous
slang crate if you didn't subscribe you
didn't get this exclusive John Cena and
you can't see pimps and according to
this documentation next
we'll be Triple H that is much more
professional Triple H the authority next
up in a slam crate we have something
truly amazing not one but two microphone
glasses for drinking your professional
water drinks not only that but free of
charge we get popping bubble wrap it's
great yeah number one look at this
craftsmanship look at this professional
plastic cup craftsmanship grime will
never drink from anything else
ever however this package was only 50%
professional because look at this Enzo
amore disgusting unprofessional waste
e-waste grime will have to join this
cherry and as always the loot crate
slave crate discount code garnishment a
to 10% comes with a pen and according to
the information here this is an
exclusive WWE Attitude Era championship
then
Ryne we'll take your word for it as
always when you open up this ultra
amazing that information gets collected
bliss interview very edifying and when
you open it all the way you get the rock
who we know is not as good enchancia and
finally the final item in this loot
crate slam crate loot crate compact
flash crying nation discount code god
nation state jus 10% we have a mini
encyclopedia with masters of the like
now that right there grime nation right
there as oh yeah this loot crate clam
crate has been lighting in john cena
concept I would imagine that somewhere
in this mini encyclopedia and grime
loves information they will be what
grime is searching for unprofessional
unprofessional waste waste biscuit eater
once again grind nation run told you so
you get a whopping six pages of John
Cena information all of the other pages
inconsequential but save those six pages
because they will be worth a fortune
in future now then grime nation the only
question is what are you waiting for
why have you not click on Grimes link
put in Grimes discount code and got your
own loot crate slam crate sponsored by
3e and loot crate anyone professional
enough to sponsor Grimes deserves your
patronage I expect each and every one of
you to do your two gilligan's beg your
parents call of your grandparent
whatever you need to do to acquire
yourself a loot crate slam crate
subscription make it happen grime nation
and a growing nation will reign supreme
so there you go grime nation another
successful incredibly PG piece of
content for this video platform no one
does EG better than grime and as soon as
all the other waste waste on
professionals retire from youtube
then grime will buy that mansion in
Hollywood Hills and bring you ultra
professional videos from an ocean side
view yeah
but until then grime nation never forget
and always remember that it who whose
nail